Most music recommenders rely on
collaborative filtering techniques to
generate music recommendations. These
types of recommendations lack two
important aspects. First, they lack
transparency - they cannot explain why
an item was recommended beyond the
trivial "Other people who listened to X
also listened to Y". Second, they lack
steerability - a user cannot interact
with the recommender to steer it toward
more relevant content.

For SXSW Accelerator, we offer the Sun
Labs Music Explaura - a web-based
application that provides transparent
and steerable recommendations.  The
Music Explaura provides a detailed
explanation about why a particular
artist was recommended and allows a user
to steer the recommendations based upon
attributes of the music.

To steer recommendations with the Music
Explaura, a user can interact with a tag
cloud for a seed artist.  The user can
add tags, remove tags or adjust the
weight of any tag in the cloud.
Whenever the user makes changes, the set
of recommended artists is immediately
updated to include the artists that best
match the new tag cloud.

For example, a fan of 60s psychedelic
guitarist Jimi Hendrix could adjust the
Jimi Hendrix tag cloud to give more
weight to the 'guitar' tag and less
weight to the '60s' and 'psychedelic'
tags to steer the recommender toward
guitarists that sound like Jimi Hendrix,
and away from other 60s psychedelia
artists.  The recommender would respond
by recommending artists more like Stevie
Ray Vaughan and less like Janis Joplin
or The Doors.

